feat: add TrustyAI Ragas inline and remote providers (#52)
opendatahub-io/llama-stack-distribution: distribution/README.md

| agents | inline::meta-reference | Yes | N/A |
| datasetio | inline::localfs | Yes | N/A |
| datasetio | remote::huggingface | Yes | N/A |
| eval | inline::trustyai_ragas | No | Set the `EMBEDDING_MODEL` environment variable |
| eval | remote::trustyai_lmeval | Yes | N/A |

> | eval | remote::trustyai_ragas | No | Set the `KUBEFLOW_LLAMA_STACK_URL` environment variable |

Reviewer: This requires more than just `KUBEFLOW_LLAMA_STACK_URL` so I would either point users to the package's README and ask for all the KUBEFLOW_* env vars or we can list them all here eg

```suggestion
| eval | remote::trustyai_ragas | No | Set the `KUBEFLOW_*` environment variables specificed in the llama-stack-provider-ragas README|
```

Author: This file is auto-generated so unfortunately I can't add those nuances, they'll have to refer to the provider docs
